My intentions behind this SKO have shifted many times over the course of this semester and have transformed the way my work has been displayed. My intentions for this assignment was 
to incorporate my own style into the design of the website, while having information and evidence from each class to support the display of my growth as a designer and creative coder. The initial plan surrounded the music and its importance in my life, having the focal point of the site be a vinyl record that would change songs depending on which week the user was reading. This had a similar fate to my Major Project, in that, my lack of abilities, unfortunate time restraints and issues beyond my realm of being able to solve have taken the final design in a different direction. I decided to keep the record at the top of my page as a homage to the original idea, as it has been through every variation of my SKO experimentation. If I had extended time to work on this assignment I would have loved to work closer with incorporating sound as well as completely understanding how to switch through multiple pages in a single tab.

As spoken about in my Major Project I came into this class not knowing a lot about code at all. Although, both of my finals, I feel, could have been refined further, I have still progressed more than I thought I would when I initially joined this class. I know that coding is a difficult thing to wrap your head around, so much so that it acts as learning another language, however this is not the end for me and my coding journey. I know that the folio I complete toward the end of this design course preferably would be in a website format, and I have always had an interest in creating digital work such as web pages, even having used a website builder such as Squarespace in the past for a personal project.

Over the course of these 14 weeks I have been introduced to unique and weird areas of web art, online culture and creative coding and I have loved every moment of it. Something that I reference in my Major Project is a website I used to frequent as a child called “The Useless Web”. This website included a singular button that when pressed would take the user to a site where the entire point is to be (you guessed it) useless. These were made by creative coders and I couldn't help but think of these when we were shown and researched aspects of creative coders in class, such as JODI or Raphaël Rozendaal’s work, especially with the common theme of absurdity.

Overall, this class has been used to unlock a new aspect of design for me entirely, as previously, I only really worked with developing traditional media. I now understand the importance of maintaining the history of online media and culture, and the importance of furthering coding softwares to manipulate how someone may interact with different reading experiences. We live in such a digital age, which is why it is our duty as designers to recognise and experiment with creative coding and lead the world of design ahead to new mediums.

